Goal:
The goal of this game is to “claim” three of the game board’s numbered columns. 
You claim a column if you can move one of your runners (white arrows) from the 
bottom of that column to the top, according to the rules of  the game. As soon as
any player claims three columns, they win the game.

Setup: 
Following the setup menu, each player must select their piece shape, color, and 
enter their name. Note that each criteria must be unique for the game to begin.
Prior to starting, dices are rolled for each player and turn order will be shown
before starting. When a players name has a white background, then it is their 
turn to play.

On your turn:
Each turn you are allowed three runners. Your goal during your turn is to advance
as far as you can up one, two, or three columns. You’ll use the white cubes to 
mark your progress during your turn. After every roll you’ll need to decide 
whether to stop and keep your progress, or try to advance even further – at the 
risk of losing your progress.

Rolling: 
Selecting the Roll Dice button will roll a combination for your turn. Roll all 
four dice, then combine them into two pairs, any way you wish.
Example:If you roll 3, 4, 2, 6, then you can make these combinations:
- 3+4 and 2+6 (7 and 8)
- 3+2 and 4+6 (5 and 10)
- 3+6 and 4+2 (9 and 6)

Having thus chosen two sums between 2 and 12, advance a white cube in those 
columns, according to these rules:
- If you have already placed a white cube in that column (on an earlier roll 
during this same turn), advance it one space.
- If one of the three white cubes is not on the board yet, place it in that 
column:
  - If you have a cube of your color in that column (from a previous turn), place
 the white cube one space ahead of it.
  - Otherwise, place the white cube in the bottom space of that column.
- Other players’ cubes, if already on a space, can share that space with a white
cube.
Once you play a white cube in a column, it stays in that column until your turn 
ends. You cannot move a white cube from one column to another, nor can you remove
it from the board during your turn. As the game progresses, you’ll often find 
that you can only legally make one move, rather than two. This is OK. However, 
you must always play to as many columns as your roll allows; you can’t choose to
ignore dice that allow a legal move. If your roll allows it, you can play twice 
in a single column. For example, if you roll 2, 4, 4, 6, you could make two moves
in column 8 (4+4 and 2+6), if available. 
After every dice roll, you are met with the option to roll again or end your turn.

Ending a turn:
If you choose to end your turn, the runners are replaced with your own pieces. If
you already have a piece on any of these columns, just move them up to their new
positions. (Yes, several players’ pieces can occupy the same space.) Then pass 
the dice and the white cubes to the player on your left; it is now their turn.

Going bust:
To continue your turn, you must place or advance at least one white cube on the
board, according to the rules above, after rolling the four dice. If you cannot
legally place or advance any white cubes using your roll, you have gone bust. You
do not get to advance any of your cubes this turn and your turn is over. 

Claiming a column:
If you have moved a runner to the top of a column (on the numbered square) when
you choose to end your turn, then you have claimed that column. Put your own
piece on that space and all other players pieces are removed. For the rest of the
game, no player can place a piece in that column. That goes for you, too! That 
column’s number has effectively ceased to exist. Play accordingly. If you end 
your turn with three columns claimed, you have won the game. 



